coffee count:4
paper count:1

<thought process
ai-forum
googled strongly solved games
googled tictactoe
googled tictactoe gui
googled code without comments

<init coding
spent a lot of time cleaning apache2. 
if not default folder exists, loads first profile from site-enabled
setup db TTT for HISTORY fields turn score boardstate

<begin coding
dwnld jquery.10.2. dev vs.
problem. production minified REQUIRES map file not found through localhost

<parent talking break

changed board represenation from 0,1,-1 to 0,1,2 so each char has value. not o,x for database to index by int

next time, will split up the js functions better

//huffman encode the win conditions next time
javascript switch is not necessarily faster than if/else
break:label

what is the minimum req where jquery is valuable
javascript vars are casesensitive. ONE is different from one

don't think i need a gameloop. its all user driven

<teach parent emails

inserting state gameinit

<more problems with parent emails and mailing pictures to walgreens

seems more like a straightforward one than an ai one.

zindexing tiles to keep lines from being hidden

changing colors js doesnt affect css

game restart was being called twice in certain conditions.
didnt solve. just set check to execute if NOT in a game.

factoring in board rotations as permutations
reduce db in exchange for more queries. assume that it will give better data though

end state is getting called twice. must resolve.
nextState called the main loop. in addition, player clicks call main loop.

using mysqli objects. havent touched them since i started using a framework
no real control over google fonts unless you use the js api which isnt supported on ios<4
make sure to set loading screen as a default font-family so it shows up
arbitrarily gave the load screen a delay. 
it looks weird when the page is already cached but still loads the loadscreen.
next time, maybe i should fade the menu in. then hide.

should have programmed for gamemode from the beginning

define terminology/variable names in planning
